---
description: >-
  Christopher directs and produces tailor-made digital content that delights
  customers and empowers targeted business goals. His full-service video
  production house, Ten Gallon Media, is based in Texas (yee-haw!): Dallas and
  Austin.
dateModified: '2016-08-22T17:42:19.701Z'
datePublished: '2016-08-22T17:42:24.861Z'
title: Services
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-22-services.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
# Services

Christopher **directs** and **produces** tailor-made digital content that delights customers and empowers targeted business goals. His full-service video production house, Ten Gallon Media, is based in Texas (yee-haw!): Dallas and Austin.

Functioning as a compliment to client executive and marketing teams, Robinson provides hard-won expertise in **online video production**, **digital campaign strategy** and analysis, **writing**, and **search engine optimization** consulting.

Ten Gallon Media works with clients to develop comprehensive online (and standalone) video strategy in a _direct_, _streamlined_, _cost-effective_ manner. Solutions include:

* Presenting 360-Degree Digital Marketing and Infrastructure Strategy Analysis
* Producing Sales Videos
* Producing Regular Online Content (Articles & Videos) for Client Sites and Blogs
* Producing and Managing Videos for Social Media Marketing and Viral Engagement
* Producing Interviews and Testimonial Videos
* Developing Courseware and Producing Training Videos (internal and external audiences)
* Producing Event Trailers and Conference Films
* Producing Corporate Communication Videos (internal)
* Developing Courseware and Teach Live Training Classes for Client Teams and Customers

Quality and Efficiency. Robinson has led projects of all sizes---from shoe-string budgets to multi-million dollar budgets. He partners with trusted talent to scale up, as needed, and upholds critical confidentiality always.

* High Definition Filming
* Video Editing and Motion Graphics
* Web Content Strategy and Campaign Management
* Digital Marketing Strategy

* Custom Corporate Training
* Script and Content Writing
* Editorial Article Writing
* White Label Productions

Currently updating our promo reel. Please take a look at some of yesteryears' works.

    <iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/145323113" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe> <iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/145323022" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe> <iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/136357227" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>